Bethany Nuechterlein
Product Designer
462 N Avenue 52
Los Angeles, CA 90042
(919) 656-0662
bethanyjoyn@gmail.com
Experience
“Self-Employed”, Los Angeles, CA
Product Designer
08/21 - Present
I founded, designed, and built Scout, a tool to help people find natural wine. I also co-founded and designed Pop-in, a mobile app that helps friends meet up in real life. I also designed and built web and mobile projects for HBO and other clients.
Lumi, Los Angeles, CA
Lead Product Designer
08/19 - 08/21
I designed a multi-platform marketplace that connects e-commerce brands with packaging manufacturers. This work reduced the average quote request response time by 50% and the average sales hours per client by 40%. I also built a new design system using Figma and created a design system wiki.
As a design leader, I interviewed and onboarded new design hires, led weekly design review sessions, and mentored junior designers. I was also an integral member of our small product team, developing feature requirements and using data to advocate for features that would improve our clients’ experience.
Lumi, Los Angeles, CA
Senior Product Designer
05/17 - 08/19
I designed an internal tool for managing orders, quotes, and shipments. I also created a quote request flow and built a design system using Sketch.
Lumi, Los Angeles, CA
Founding Product Designer
09/15 - 05/17
I designed a platform for creating and ordering custom packaging, a marketing site, and brand collateral.
Slate Studio, Venice, CA
Interactive Designer
09/14 - 09/15
I designed a fitness streaming app for Lionsgate, a mobile app for an aeronautics startup, and a CMS tool. Other clients included Tribeca, Oracle, and Machinima.
“Freelance”, Los Angeles, CA
Interactive Designer
08/13 - 09/14
I designed an online store for a women’s clothing retailer and designed and built websites for shows on IFC and Comedy Central.
Sprocket House, Carrboro, NC
Web Designer
08/12 - 08/13
I designed websites, branding, and collateral for small businesses. Clients included a non-profit, an energy company, a restaurant, a distillery, and a production company.
ReverbNation, Durham, NC
Web Designer
06/11 - 08/12
I was the sole designer responsible for the UI/UX of a music networking platform. I designed a band profile page, a music player, and other features.
Viget Labs, Durham, NC
Web Design Intern
01/11 - 04/11
I designed websites for a local architecture firm and a non-profit. I learned how to lead an effective design process from UX to high-fidelity designs.
Education
Bachelor of Arts – Visual Communication
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Skills
* Product Design
* Design Systems
* Figma (Software)
* Prototyping
* Mobile User Experience (UX) Design
* Web Development